Hey guys, there's like this elephant in the room when we talk about informatics,
you know like we give like for granted, most people do that Normally, it's
understandable that like the medical software is like higher quality and it's
very stable. And it just kind of makes sense because. We do have these really
powerful software products, you know, like crazy technology, like Co being CT a
3D x rays and the 3D controral scans with this little device that has some micro
camera, takes thousands of pictures per second per minute or whatever. stitches
them together. And so we assume that the basic underlying infrastructure is
solid, and we don't lose our data, but the reality of the fact is is far, far
from being like that. I was sh when I decided to move away from my stomatic
tracing software. I didn't like it anymore. And the to my surprise, when I
stopped paying the software companies said, well, you can't access your old
cheometric tracacing anymore." I was like, what? My work? I can't access my work
anymore? Because I don'm not paying. What are you talking about? I can do that
at home when I use a Microsoft Word, I can't do it with you guys. I have paid
like thousands of dollars over the years. It's insane, the other day I had an
issue with our imaging software and the software company proposed that I just
wiped my entire database with all my patient data so that, you know, we can
start fresh and clear up the things that were messed up. I was like, what are
you talking about? You can't do that. What do you mean? I mean, like, where's my
backup? How can I access that data if I don't have another backup for this
stuff? So And then I also keep hearing stories like this one here, where there's
a syphometric where there's a, you know, the department of a practice or as big
as a school, which wants to transfer soft to a products from one to the other,
and they find herself in this situation where, you know, the software company
said, yeah, yeah, we can transfer data. I no problem." And then when the day of
the switchover came around, they actually didn't transfer anything, you know. It
was just not there. And the modonic orthodonic department had to didn't have any
data of any patient everyone. I had to stand in line and re register. Nobody
know what they had to pay for. That was a huge mess and went on for weeks, you
know. Like, what's going on here? There's like this this, why are are we using
standards, right? Are't there standards there? Well, it turns out there are.
There's a whole field. It's called the clinical Informatics, and it doesn't seem
like our software developers know much about it, and we don't know anything
about it either, so we don't ask them about it, which is a problem. It's a big
problem nowadays in an era where  
  
Oh, and then there's uh did you ever like ask yourself what's going on when you
do this you open the sylometric analysis programs and they ask you to manually
select the ruler on the right. Did you ever, like, question, like, "We? I really
have to do fans? Is this, like, what like, we're in 2025, I There's no, like,
technology or this information already be in the image file.  
  
So and then if our software products are so powerful and strong, why are we
still doing this? Like we can't do this. We can't take a screenshot, like a
photograph of a screen to share images. Like that's not right.